Switch from Replit to CodeSandbox (#294)
upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store: README.md

-->

> ### Import to CodeSandbox

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run on CodeSandbox
```

1. Log in or register on [CodeSandbox - Sign in](https://codesandbox.io/signin)

> 2. Change the `express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store` repo URL to include "box" (`githubbox.com` instead of `github.com`) and hit return - this will open the project on CodeSandbox

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Change the `express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store` repo URL to include "box" (`githubbox.com` instead of `github.com`) and hit return - this will create a [Synced Template](https://codesandbox.io/docs/learn/devboxes/synced-templates) on CodeSandbox
```

> 2. Change the `express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store` repo URL to include "box" (`githubbox.com` instead of `github.com`) and hit return - this will create a [Synced Template](https://codesandbox.io/docs/learn/devboxes/synced-templates) on CodeSandbox

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Change the `express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store` repo URL to include "box" (`githubbox.com` instead of `github.com`) and hit return - this will create a [synced template](https://codesandbox.io/docs/learn/devboxes/synced-templates) on CodeSandbox
```

> 3. Click on "Fork" at the top right of the page - this creates your own devbox from the synced template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click on "Fork" at the top right of the page - this creates a devbox in your account from the synced template
```

> 3. Click on "Fork" in the top right corner of the page to create your own devbox from the synced template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click on "Fork" at the top right of the page - this creates your own devbox from the synced template
```

> 4. Beside "Fork", click "Share", select "Public" from the "Visibility" dropdown and click "Move Devbox" to allow access to your devbox from anyone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Beside "Fork", click "Share", select "Public" from the "Visibility" dropdown and click "Move Devbox" - this will allow access to your devbox from anyone
```

-->

> ### Import to CodeSandbox

Reviewer: consider also whether the React frontend instructions for the project also need to be adapted in the same way as described in the comment below:

- https://github.com/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store/pull/294/files/77d41f40d80c87a81dbc500e1290a19c4b8128a8#r1598275290

(for external access to the publicly-deployed URL in a Shared / non-private Devbox - may also need to be non-Draft?)

Author: We decided offline to remove the Acceptance Criteria for CodeSandbox, and use Drone to create a comment with the CodeSandbox link.

> Log in or register on [CodeSandbox - Sign in](https://codesandbox.io/signin?landingpage).

Reviewer: what is `?landingpage`

Author: Updated the link. I copied it from the URL and never questioned what this is. I updated it and removed `?landingpage`

[5df4c00](https://github.com/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store/pull/294/commits/5df4c00f5fac34caac13f4001bceb87bcc5a6903)

> Sign in to your CodeSandbox account at [CodeSandbox - Sign in](https://codesandbox.io/signin?utm_source=landingpage) and then click on this button:

Reviewer: what if users don't have an account? before, with Replit, we had a step to sign up

Author: CodeSandbox doesn't have a "sign up" button, they call it "sign in" and there you can also create a new account

Reviewer: the new version is here:

```
Sign in to your CodeSandbox account at [CodeSandbox - Sign in](https://codesandbox.io/signin?utm_source=landingpage).
```

1. you can drop the `utm_source`
2. on that page linked above, they mention "register", so let's use that word
   ![Screenshot 2024-05-06 at 17 21 21](https://github.com/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store/assets/1935696/83c32dc6-2de3-4cb7-8bbc-20858573e1e6)
3. "your CodeSandbox account" assumes that the user already has an account, which may be confusing (and also incorrect)

Author: Changed the beginning of the sentence to "Login or register", and dropped `utm_source` in the URL
[c5cd73d](https://github.com/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store/pull/294/commits/c5cd73d2dbfc7da1511ebbadb99a6a0aac2cbb56)

Reviewer: current version is this, probably needs a grammar fix:
```
Login or register to [CodeSandbox - Sign in](https://codesandbox.io/signin?landingpage).
```

Author: Changed to "log in" 
[85003f4](https://github.com/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store/pull/294/commits/85003f41df9731c8b53e91e97389f179b0053420)

Reviewer: that's a good improvement, but not what I meant

it's saying `log in or register "to"` - "to" is incorrect

Author: changed it to `on` [818baac](https://github.com/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store/pull/294/commits/818baace1a15198a62ed5169d5487bd99fb0d067)

> Change the repository URL from `github` to `githubbox` in your browser's address bar and press `Enter`.

Author: Changed to fit the style of the description we are using on the Learning Platform

[c5cd73d](https://github.com/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store/pull/294/commits/c5cd73d2dbfc7da1511ebbadb99a6a0aac2cbb56)

> Change the repository URL from `github` to `githubbox` in your browser's address bar and press `Enter`.

Author: Rewrote and shorten the text
[4ef7889](https://github.com/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store/pull/294/commits/4ef7889822a4ad3eeb47b9d848bb455affc6f6ff)

> Change the URL to include "box" (`githubbox.com` instead of `github.com`) and hit return. This will open the project on CodeSandbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the `express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store` repo URL to include "box" (`githubbox.com` instead of `github.com`) and hit return. This will open the project on CodeSandbox.
```

> [![Open in CodeSandbox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open%20in-CodeSandbox-blue?style=flat-square&logo=codesandbox)](https://githubbox.com/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store)

Author: It is not official, I created it with www.shields.io

> [![Open in CodeSandbox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open%20in-CodeSandbox-blue?style=flat-square&logo=codesandbox)](https://githubbox.com/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store)

Reviewer: let's instead change the instructions to make students manually alter the URL to add "box" - this will allow for more learning

> [![Open in CodeSandbox](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open%20in-CodeSandbox-blue?style=flat-square&logo=codesandbox)](https://githubbox.com/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store)

Author: Changed the instructions to manually add `githubbox` in the URL

[d62cb22](https://github.com/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store/pull/294/commits/d62cb224895b9732df9e24e5acdb638db2ae1c54)

> Click the "Fork" button in the top right corner to create your own personal copy of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the "Fork" button in the top right corner of the page to create your own personal copy of the project.
```

> Click the "Fork" button in the top right corner of the page to create your own personal copy of the project.

Reviewer: we discussed some problems offline with accessing the devboxes created using these instructions:

1. `githubbox.com` does go to a URL with `/s/` in it (old sandbox URL)
   1. eg. https://githubbox.com/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store goes to https://codesandbox.io/s/github/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store
2. this `/s/` URL immediately redirects to a `/devbox/` URL (a "Synced Devbox")
   ![Screenshot 2024-05-13 at 12 08 27](https://github.com/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store/assets/1935696/5b352da8-d11f-446e-a5ca-9a5b0b48b973)
3. clicking on the Fork button at the top right then creates a "Draft Devbox"
   ![Screenshot 2024-05-13 at 11 58 07](https://github.com/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store/assets/1935696/e2e0e1fa-2465-4548-81bd-04d76349bafb)
4. attempting to visit the URL of the "Draft Devbox" API (eg. https://w3g6p5-4000.csb.app/) in an incognito browser leads to a "Log in" screen of CodeSandbox

a first idea would be to instruct users to then create a Shared Devbox from the Draft Devbox (add an extra instruction) - but this kind of defeats the purpose of using `githubbox` URLs - which is to keep the instructions simple and as close to 1-step instructions as possible

so let's try to find a simple way to create a Devbox with whatever sharing is needed

Author: I tried to find different solutions, to make it close to 1-step instructions. I didn't find a way without forking the Sandbox and setting the visibility to public. Added a step to the Readme
[bcc88b0](https://github.com/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store/pull/294/commits/bcc88b0295837eed1a598c51af1cc09f5381227a)

> This will import the code from this repo to a new Devbox on CodeSandbox. Once it has been imported, fork the Devbox to your account with the "Fork" button at the top right corner. This will automatically fork and start your application.

Reviewer: also, this last sentence needs work:

> This will automatically fork and start your application.

- already too many "fork"s in the language above
- doesn't clearly describe what will happen
- make sure the final version stays short, about the same length as the current sentence

Author: changed the text to avoid "fork"

[d62cb22](https://github.com/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store/pull/294/commits/d62cb224895b9732df9e24e5acdb638db2ae1c54)

-->

### Import to CodeSandbox

1. Log in or register on [CodeSandbox - Sign in](https://codesandbox.io/signin)

> 2. Change the `express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store` repo URL to include "box" (`githubbox.com` instead of `github.com`) and hit return. This will open the project on CodeSandbox

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Change the `express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store` repo URL to include "box" (`githubbox.com` instead of `github.com`) and hit return - this will open the project on CodeSandbox
```

Click on "Fork" in the top right corner of the page to create your own personal copy of the project.

> Beside "Fork", click "Share", open the "Visibility" dropdown, select "Public" and click "Move Devbox" to allow access to your devbox from anyone.

Reviewer: hm, with 4 paragraphs, it's looking like this could be a 4-item numbered list

Author: Updated to a numbered list
[638883a](https://github.com/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store/pull/294/commits/638883aee8d09decb48efaf1a5e23773d8ea4fb4)

Reviewer: I think Markdown numbered lists don't have empty lines between them often (not sure if this causes formatting weirdness) - let's remove those

Author: Removed the line breaks between the numbered list
[12defd6](https://github.com/upleveled/express-guest-list-api-memory-data-store/pull/294/commits/12defd697883796b0b81f27eafdc0264221034b0)

> Click the "Fork" button in the top right corner of the page to create your own personal copy of the project.
> 
> Click the "Share" button in the top right corner of the page, set "Visibility" to "Public" and click "Move Devbox" to create a public API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on "Fork" in the top right corner of the page to create your own personal copy of the project.

Beside "Fork", click "Share", open the "Visibility" dropdown, select "Public" and click "Move Devbox" to allow access to your devbox from anyone.
```

> 4. Beside "Fork", click "Share", open the "Visibility" dropdown, select "Public" and click "Move Devbox" to allow access to your devbox from anyone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Beside "Fork", click "Share", open the "Visibility" dropdown and select "Public" and click "Move Devbox" to allow access to your devbox from anyone
```

> 4. Beside "Fork", click "Share", open the "Visibility" dropdown and select "Public" and click "Move Devbox" to allow access to your devbox from anyone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Beside "Fork", click "Share", select "Public" from the "Visibility" dropdown and click "Move Devbox" to allow access to your devbox from anyone
```
